chore(nestjs): Promote NestJS SDK to beta state (Readme) (#13521)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: packages/nestjs/README.md

  </a>
</p>

# Official Sentry SDK for NestJS

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@sentry/nestjs.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/nestjs)
[![npm dm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@sentry/nestjs.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/nestjs)
[![npm dt](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@sentry/nestjs.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/nestjs)

> This SDK is in **Beta and not yet fully stable**. Please reach out on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This SDK is in **Beta**. The API is stable but updates may include minor changes in behavior. Please reach out on
```
